In this homework, you will write a cshell script to deal a specific poker
hand, and you will write a sed script to score that hand.

Here are the provided files:
  % ls
  PA5fulltemplate.sed  README    testeroutput.png
  PA5sampleruns.png    allcards  testertemplate.csh
  %

  README: This is the file you are currently reading.

  allcards: This is the same file as was used in the previous assignments.

  testertemplate.csh: This is the same file that I posted last week. 

  testeroutput.png: This image is a demo of the output of tester.csh.

  PA5sampleruns.png: This image is a demo of the output of PA5.sed.

  PA5fulltemplate.sed: This is the template for the sed program


There are some rules for the assignment:
  1. Don't cheat. You must do your own work. You cannot share code or look
     at someone else's code. If you are caught, both students will receive
     a 0 for the entire course.

  2. Concerning the top portion of PA5fulltemplate.sed:  
     As has been described in previous postings to the cyberuniversity, the
     first part of the file identifies only flush and four-of-a-kind. This
     part must use Lecture 8 syntax.
     
  3. Concerning the bottom portion of PA5fulltemplate.sed:  
     This part matches all other cases, and it can use all sed syntax.

  4. Concerning the "..." lines of PA5fulltemplate.sed:
     These can be multi-line and/or can use ";".

  5. Concerning the "____" lines PA5fulltemplate.sed:
     These must be a single command. (So no ";".)
     
  6. Concerning the "____" lines testertemplate.csh:
     These must be single command or command sequence. (So no unquoted ";".) 

  7. Concerning the submission. You must follow these instructions exactly
     (or else you will lose points):
     1. Name you files "PA5.sed" and "tester.csh".
     2. Create an empty folder named "PA5".
     3. Copy your two "PA5.sed" and "tester.csh" files into "PA5".
     4. Go to the parent directory of "PA5".
     5. Run "tar -cvf PA5.tar PA5".
     6. Submit "PA5.tar".
